Url: https://www.colgatepalmolive.com/en-us/who-we-are/inclusion
Titulo: Inclusion | Colgate-Palmolive
Fecha_scraping: 2025-10-15
Type: html
Text: Inclusion | Colgate-Palmolive
Contact Us
FAQs
Investors
Careers
US (EN)
About
Who We Are
Commitment to Inclusion
History
Awards
Leadership
Board Of Directors
Governance
Policies
Brands
Impact
Impact Overview
Sustainability
Community Impact
Reports
Innovation
Innovation
Oral Health
Skin Health
Pet Health
Clinical Trials
News
Search
Menu
Load more text
Learn More
No Results Copy RTE
Result Page Url
Invalid Query Message
Localized Search Result Text
Explore Content
Stories
Awards
Sustainability Reports
Policies
Press Releases
Resources
Safety Data Sheets
For Suppliers
Product Ingredients
Open Positions
Inclusion
One of our core values is
We are Inclusive
. Read more about how we bring this value to life.
Our Commitmentto Inclusion
Embracing diverse voices and fostering an inclusive work environment isn’t just something we do; it’s embedded into the company, reflecting who we are, what we value and how we think. Inclusion guides our daily work, empowering our people to achieve their potential and positively impact the business, enabling us to better serve our communities.
Our Values
By living our Colgate Values of Caring, Inclusive and Courageous, we create a culture in which people act as a team, working together toward common goals. These values guide our actions, shape our decisions, and inspire us to reimagine a healthier future for all. We believe that when we embrace our unique talents, perspectives, and backgrounds, we can solve the toughest problems and create the best solutions.
Who We Are
We are Caring
We are united in making the world a better place. Our actions are guided by empathy, respect, and genuine gratitude. Integrity drives our decisions—doing things the right way, for the right reasons, regardless of circumstances. Everyone deserves access to a healthier life.
We are Inclusive
We create a sense of belonging for all and cultivate an environment where people can be their authentic selves. We foster a culture of belonging where CP People feel valued, part of a global team, and empowered to do extraordinary things. We design the best solutions by embracing the unique talents, perspectives and backgrounds of our global workforce.
We are Courageous
We are infinitely curious, constantly searching for better ways of working. Challenging each other comes naturally, fearlessly disrupting the status quo through bold innovation. We recognize that to grow and thrive we must build on the power of our legacy, our scale, and reach for good and for all.
A Strategic Differentiator
At Colgate-Palmolive, diverse perspectives accelerate our growth.
People
We fuel sustainable growth by building a global talent pipeline with diverse backgrounds and perspectives. We achieve this by developing our people through meaningful experiences, cultivating a high-impact, inclusive culture where all voices drive innovation, and advancing next-gen enterprise capabilities as a competitive advantage.
Culture
We cultivate a globally inclusive workplace where every voice matters, empowering all employees to thrive through impactful contributions and rewarding growth. We harness the power of inclusion for collective success by fostering a deep sense of belonging rooted in our values and purpose to reimagine a healthier future for all.
Business and Community Impact
We actively build a global and varied network of talent and partners, leveraging high-performing teams for growth and innovation. As owners of some of the world's most penetrated brands, we nurture authentic relationships and meaningful partnerships with suppliers, customers, consumers and our communities, driving growth, trust, and shared opportunity.
Unlocking Growth with Inclusion
View all stories
Sun Safety for All: EltaMD's Deep Tint Sunscreen for Darker Skin Tones
Discover how Colgate-Palmolive is tackling important topics like inclusive sun protection with EltaMD's new Deep Tint Sunscreen for darker skin tones.
Colgate-Palmolive India: Driving Purposeful Change
Hill’s Pet Nutrition Journey to Advancing Animal Welfare
Empowering All Abilities at Colgate-Palmolive Brazil
Previous
Next
List
Inclusion in Action
We actively work to embed Inclusion into every facet of our business. We believe that an inclusive culture not only empowers our people but also drives innovation and strengthens our connection with consumers globally.
Celebrating Belonging
Creating a Workplace Where All Are Welcome
At Colgate, celebrating belonging means recognizing every voice and unique story. Our events and initiatives foster connection and create spaces where everyone feels valued. Together, we build a culture where belonging is continuously prioritized and celebrated.
Fueling Growth
ERGs Power Skills Development
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are vital to fostering a stronger, more connected workforce with future ready skills. By facilitating meaningful learning initiatives, ERGs provide opportunities for all employees to deepen their knowledge in key areas, fostering continuous growth and helping to ensure workforce readiness for tomorrow’s challenges.
Shaping Tomorrow
Colgate’s Global Summer Internship Program
Colgate’s Summer Internship Program offers unique opportunities for interns to develop new skills, gain global experience, and collaborate across cultures- empowering future leaders.
Supporting Wellbeing
Live Better
Our Live Better program empowers physical, mental and financial wellbeing and connection. Our holistic approach helps employees thrive personally and professionally, fueling growth, strong teams and our purpose to reimagine a healthier future for all.
Previous
Next
Creating a Workplace Where All Are Welcome</h2>
ERGs Power Skills Development
Colgate’s Global Summer Internship Program
Live Better
Uniting Colgate-Palmolive Through Employee Resource Groups
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) at Colgate-Palmolive build a vibrant, supportive community by creating opportunities for connection among people from all backgrounds. Our ERGs ignite engagement, cultivate a strong sense of belonging and equip Colgate People to achieve the most enriching Colgate experience possible.
Voices of Belonging
Macarena Castillo Olmos
Global Brand Design, Europe
Our culture of inclusion has empowered me to feel a genuine sense of belonging and authenticity at work. When we care about our colleagues, we also care deeply about our projects, boosting creativity and excellence together.
Voices of Belonging
Itumeleng Mpatlanyane
Customer Development, Africa Eurasia
Colgate’s commitment to inclusion brought me mentors who shared my passion for growth, not my background. I learned real belonging is when we lift others up and ensure every voice is seen, heard, and valued.
Voices of Belonging
Takashi Toyoshima
Global Legal, Asia Pacific
When I joined the company, I was quickly impressed by its diverse workforce. I’m even prouder of CP's ongoing commitment to raising the bar for inclusion and never resting on its achievements.
Voices of Belonging
Brian Slezak
Global Regulatory & Product Safety, United States
At Colgate, I’ve experienced how true inclusion sparks innovation—our diverse, welcoming culture encourages everyone’s ideas, helping us tackle challenges and shape a brighter future.
Voices of Belonging
Daniel Arouca
Human Resources, Latin America
To me, inclusion has always been a strength at CP, fostering belonging and diverse perspectives. I truly experienced this working across many countries and business units. I'm glad to be part of it.
Voices of Belonging
Sharon Kootin-Sanwu
Customer Development, North America
For me, inclusion is feeling truly valued and welcomed. It's seeing an environment where my contributions matter, leading to my own personal and professional growth.
Previous
Next
<h4>Voices of Belonging</h4><h1>Macarena Castillo Olmos</h1>
<h4>Voices of Belonging</h4><h1>Itumeleng Mpatlanyane</h1>
<h4>Voices of Belonging</h4><h1>Takashi Toyoshima</h1>
<h4>Voices of Belonging</h4><h1>Brian Slezak</h1>
<h4>Voices of Belonging</h4><h1>Daniel Arouca</h1>
<h4>Voices of Belonging</h4><h1>Sharon Kootin-Sanwu</h1>
Careers
NEWS
The Pulse of Progress
Discover the groundbreaking developments driving our success.
News
Careers
Build a Bright Future with Us
Join our team and help us create a healthier future for all.
Careers
IMPACT
Making a World of Difference
Impacting lives, protecting our planet, building a sustainable future for all.
Impact
Your Questions, Answered
Contact us
FAQs
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Submit an Idea
Explore Colgate-Palmolive
About Us
Brands
Innovation
Impact
News
United States (EN)
Resources
Careers
Investors
Suppliers
Where to Buy
FAQs
Site Map
Our Sites
Colgate.com
Colgate.Professional.com
Shop.Colgate.com
Legal & Privacy
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Consent Tool
Manage My Data Rights
Patents
Satisfaction Guarantee
© 2025 Colgate-Palmolive Company. All Rights Reserved.