Url: https://www.colgatepalmolive.com/en-us/who-we-are/our-leadership-team
Titulo: Our Leadership Team | Colgate-Palmolive
Fecha_scraping: 2025-10-15
Type: html
Text: Our Leadership Team | Colgate-Palmolive
Contact Us
FAQs
Investors
Careers
US (EN)
About
Who We Are
Commitment to Inclusion
History
Awards
Leadership
Board Of Directors
Governance
Policies
Brands
Impact
Impact Overview
Sustainability
Community Impact
Reports
Innovation
Innovation
Oral Health
Skin Health
Pet Health
Clinical Trials
News
Search
Menu
Load more text
Learn More
No Results Copy RTE
Result Page Url
Invalid Query Message
Localized Search Result Text
Explore Content
Stories
Awards
Sustainability Reports
Policies
Press Releases
Resources
Safety Data Sheets
For Suppliers
Product Ingredients
Open Positions
Our Leadership Team
Meet the people guiding our global growth.
Our Leadership Team
Our Senior Executives
Noel Wallace*
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Noel Wallace became President and Chief Executive Officer in 2019 and Chairman in 2020. He previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2018 to 2019, responsible for all of the Company’s operating units worldwide. He joined Colgate-Palmolive in 1987 and progressed through a series of senior management roles around the world. He became President, Colgate North America and Global Sustainability in 2010, President, Colgate Latin America in 2013 and Chief Operating Officer, Global Innovation & Growth and Hill’s Pet Nutrition in 2016.
Read bio
Stanley J. Sutula III*
Chief Finance Officer
Stan Sutula is Chief Finance Officer, overseeing the Company’s Global Finance, Global Information Technology, and Mergers & Acquisitions teams. Stan joined Colgate-Palmolive in 2020 from Pitney Bowes Inc., where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Stan has extensive experience in corporate finance, financial planning and operations, tax, strategic planning and risk management. He previously spent 28 years at IBM Corporation in financial management roles of increasing responsibility, culminating in service as IBM’s Vice President and Controller. Stan graduated from Northeastern University and holds an MBA in Finance from Fordham University’s Gabelli School of Business.
Read bio
Jennifer M. Daniels*
Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
Jennifer Daniels joined Colgate in 2014 as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. Jennifer brings extensive corporate governance and legal experience to her role. Prior to Colgate, she served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of NCR Corporation. Before joining NCR in 2010, she was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Barnes & Noble, Inc. Previously, Jennifer spent nearly 17 years at IBM, progressing through increasingly senior roles including Vice President, Assistant General Counsel, Chief Trust and Compliance Officer. Jennifer graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard Law School.
Read bio
Shane Grant*
Chief Operating Officer, Americas
Shane Grant joined Colgate-Palmolive in 2025 as Chief Operating Officer, America, overseeing the North America and Latin America regions.. Prior to joining the Company Shane was Group Deputy CEO, CEO Americas and EVP Dairy, Plant-Based and Global Sales at Danone. Previously, Shane spent nearly 20 years with The Coca-Cola Company, where he held various leadership roles of increasing responsibility in category leadership, commercial and general management. He holds degrees in business and arts from the University of Auckland.
Read bio
John Hazlin*
Chief Growth Officer
John Hazlin became Chief Growth Officer in 2025, where he is responsible for leading the implementation of the CP 2030 Strategic Plan, including initiatives focused on enterprise transformation and peer-leading capabilities. He is also responsible for setting direction for our global categories and for the global growth functions, including Analytics, Design, Digital, Research & Development and Supply Chain. John was previously President of the Company’s Hill’s Pet Nutrition business. Prior to this, John was President, Africa/Eurasia, where he expanded the Company’s presence in the region by championing commercial prioritization and driving innovation and digital commerce. John joined Colgate-Palmolive in 1997 as part of the Global Marketing Development Program after completing a CP internship in 1996. John graduated from Duke University and holds an MBA from New York University.
Read bio
Panagiotis Tsourapas*
Chief Operating Officer, Europe, Asia Pacific, Africa/Eurasia, Skin Health and Global Customer Development
Panos Tsourapas became Chief Operating Officer, Europe, Asia Pacific, Africa/Eurasia, Skin Health and Global Customer Development in 2025. Previously, Panos served as Group President, Europe and Developing Markets, leading the European Division in addition to Latin America, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia. PreviouslyPanos served as Group President, Latin America, Asia Pacific & Africa/Eurasia, from 2020 to 2021 focusing on executing Colgate's 2025 strategy across these three divisions. He also served as Group President, Latin America & Asia Pacific from 2019 to 2020 and President, Latin America from 2016 to 2019. Panos joined Colgate-Palmolive in 1992 in Greece and progressed through a series of marketing, customer development and management positions across Europe. He graduated from the University of Pireaus and holds an MBA from the City University of London.
Read bio
Dana Bolden
Chief Communications Officer
Dana Bolden joined Colgate-Palmolive in 2025 as the Chief Communications Officer, bringing more than three decades of experience to the role. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs at Haleon, where he directed all external and internal corporate communications and played a key role in creating the corporate brand. Prior to Haleon, Dana served as Senior Vice President, External Affairs and Sustainability at Corteva Agriscience where he led the creation of the corporate brand. Dana spent much of his career at The Coca-Cola Company in various global communications capacities. He holds a bachelor’s degree in journalism from Washington and Lee University.
Read bio
Maria Paula Capuzzo*
President, Africa/Eurasia
Maria Paula Capuzzo became President, Africa/Eurasia in 2022. Since 2019, Maria Paula has been Vice President and General Manager, C-P Brazil where she has helped drive consistently strong sales growth. With One Brazil as the focus, she elevated the digital and commercial capabilities while championing our F.E.E.D. principles and DE&I.  Prior to her time in Brazil, Maria Paula was General Manager, Guatemala and held senior positions in the Latin America Division. Maria Paula joined Colgate-Palmolive in 1998 and is a graduate of the University of São Paulo.
Read bio
Mukul Deoras*
President, Asia Pacific
Mukul Deoras became President, Asia Pacific, in 2018, a role he knows well having first held the position from 2012 to 2015. In between, Mukul served as Colgate’s Chief Marketing Officer where he drove renewed focus on our brands through the development of our Brand Purpose Models and a series of business-strengthening and capability-building initiatives. He joined Colgate in 2004 after two decades rising through the ranks of Unilever India. His work across multiple geographies in marketing and general management roles led our business to significant sales and profit growth sustained by a robust innovation pipeline. Mukul is a graduate of the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad.
Read bio
John Faucher*
Chief Investor Relations Officer and EVP, M&A
John Faucher became Chief Investor Relations Officer and EVP, M&A in 2019. He joined Colgate in 2016 as Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, responsible for communicating our business results and strategies to investors, analysts and media. John brings extensive knowledge of the fast-moving consumer goods space to his role. Previously John spent 18 years at JP Morgan Chase where he was Managing Director, Equity Research, serving as the U.S. Beverages and Household Products/Personal Care Analyst. Prior to his career in equity research, he worked in brand management for Nabisco and Lysol brands. John received both his undergraduate degree and MBA from Cornell University.
Read bio
Jean-Luc Fischer*
President, Europe
Jean-Luc Fischer became President, Europe in 2022. Previously, he served as President, North America Division, where he championed the acquisition of hello Products and drove organizational transformation to elevate North America’s innovation culture. His commitment to empowerment and experimentation inspired teamwork and optimism to produce exciting new products, including CO. by Colgate and hum. Prior to that role, he served as President, Africa/Eurasia. Jean-Luc joined Colgate France in 1991 and progressed through myriad marketing and management positions of increasing responsibility. During his career he has led teams in Brazil, Argentina, Turkey, China and Western Europe. Jean-Luc’s passion for sustainability has particularly advanced our clean water initiatives and oral health education efforts through Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures. He graduated from ESSEC Business School in Paris.
Read bio
Betsy Fishbone
EVP & Deputy CLO, HR, Lit, Comp, NA Ops
Betsy Fishbone became Executive Vice President, Deputy Chief Legal Officer in 2025. . Since joining CP in 2001 as Human Resources Counsel, she has taken on increasing responsibility within the Company’s Global Legal Organization, including managing the Company's global litigation, compliance, competition law, data privacy and, most recently, overseeing the North America Division legal function. Over the course of her career, Betsy has become a trusted partner to the business, providing pragmatic advice and counsel to help the Company achieve its business goals in an ethical manner. Prior to working at CP, Betsy was an Associate at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, where she practiced Labor & Employment law. Betsy graduated from Lafayette College and received her law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.
Read bio
David Foster*
Chief Information Officer
David Foster became Colgate's Chief Information Officer in 2023, leading our Global Information Technology (GIT) strategy and continued digital transformation. David joined Colgate in 1996 and has held a number of leadership roles within the GIT organization. He has led Colgate's digital applications, developed new systems across many planning and execution processes, and created a number of new organizational capabilities, such as building a new Marketing IT organization, to partner with our Global Marketing and agency partners, driving growth for Colgate. David holds a Bachelor of Arts from Dartmouth College and an MBA from New York University.
Read bio
Gina Grant*
EVP, Treasurer
Gina Grant became Senior Vice President and Treasurer in 2023, responsible for optimizing the company's capital structure, managing capital market activity, financial risk, corporate liquidity and investments as well as Enterprise Risk Management. Previously, Gina was Assistant Treasurer where she managed all capital markets activity and ensured efficient management of the company’s capital structure including issuance of the company’s inaugural Sustainability Bond and realization of significant interest expense savings through execution of liability management and interest rate derivative strategies. Additionally, she oversaw the Pension and Investments function, the Regional Treasury center in Europe and Enterprise Risk Management. Prior to joining Colgate in 2019, Gina spent 20 years with Avon Products where she held roles throughout Treasury as well as in Financial Shared Services, Financial Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations. Gina holds a master’s degree from NYU Stern School of Business and a bachelor’s degree from Marist College.
Read bio
Stephan Habif *
Chief Technology Officer
Stephan Habif became Colgate's Chief Technology Officer in 2022 and leads a team of remarkable scientists, designers and engineers who deliver a pipeline of growth-driving innovation for markets around the globe. Prior to joining Colgate-Palmolive, Stephan was Senior Vice President, Research & Innovation at L’Oreal since 2013. During that time he was responsible for new product development for all divisions and categories in the Americas leading the creation of best-in-class technologies that fed the global innovation pipeline. He was instrumental in the successful turnaround of L’Oreal’s North-America business culminating in the region delivering their biggest growth in 2021. Prior to L'Oreal, Stephan worked at Unilever in the Research & Development division. Stephan holds an Engineering Degree in Food Chemistry & Technology from the University of Bordeaux and a PhD in Physical Chemistry from the City University of New York.
Read bio
Yvonne Hsu*
President, Hill's Pet Nutrition
Yvonne Hsu became President of Hill's Pet Nutrition in 2025. Previously, she served as Executive Vice President & General Manager, Hill's Pet Nutrition U.S., leading a dynamic business that has achieved strong growth in a continuously changing landscape. Yvonne drove the business to achieve market share growth across both Hill’s Prescription Diet and Hill’s Science Diet in part by focusing on Disease Centricity and Passionate Advocacy. Yvonne joined Colgate-Palmolive in 2000 in Oral Care and progressed through a series of roles and categories within CP U.S. before moving to CP-South Pacific. She then joined Hill's U.S. in 2018. Yvonne has a bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in business from Cornell University.
Read bio
Eutychus Karuru*
EVP, Internal Audit & Compliance
Iain Kielty
EVP, Global Budget & Financial Planning
Iain Kielty became EVP, Global Budget & Planning in 2020, responsible for the finance teams supporting our Global Corporate functions including Budget and Planning, Supply Chain, Customer Development, Advertising, GIT, CBS, Technology, MarkFeting and Travel. Previously, Iain was Vice President, Finance for the Asia-Pacific Division. Iain has progressed through various Finance Director roles including Greater China, Southeast Europe Hub, Greece, and the Gaba Group. He also served as Finance Director, Shared Services, for the Global Business Services project team within the European Division during the establishment of Warsaw CBS and has led Optima implementations in both Europe and Asia. Iain is a Fellow Member (FCMA) of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. He joined Colgate in 1998.
Read bio
Brigitte King
Chief Digital Officer
Brigitte King joined Colgate in 2020 as Chief Digital Officer. She brings extensive digital and consumer marketing experience to her role. She leads the Global Digital Organization , which includes Digital Marketing, Digital Commerce, Media, Measurement, CRM, Digital Solutions and Capabilities to accelerate Colgate’s digital transformation. Prior to Colgate, Brigitte was Chief Consumer Officer for Calvin Klein and Executive Vice President for the North American Digital Operations for parent company, PVH Corp. Previously, she spent 13 years at L’Oreal progressing through increasingly senior roles including Vice President, Deputy General Manager and was L’Oreal’s Chief Consumer Officer USA & Americas region. Her consumer packaged goods experience also includes Kao Brands and early-in-career roles at Colgate in the U.S. Company.
Read bio
John Kooyman*
President, North America
John Kooyman became President, North America in 2024. Previously, John served as Chief of Staff, acting as the principal executive liaison to the Company’s Board of Directors and supported the Board’s governance responsibilities. In addition, John oversaw the Global Corporate Communications and Global Security functions. Since joining Colgate in 1993, John has advanced through Marketing and General Management roles of increasing responsibility. He has led businesses across North America, Europe, Africa, Eurasia, and Latin America, and has also served as the Company's Chief Marketing Officer. John has championed strategic planning, cross-functional collaboration and innovation throughout his career. John holds an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Read bio
Gregory Malcolm*
Executive Vice President and Controller
Gregory Malcolm became Executive Vice President & Controller in 2022, responsible for all aspects of accounting and financial reporting operations as well as internal control. Previously he served as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Controller, where he supported the Controller. Prior to joining the Controller’s group in 2021, Greg was Vice President, Chief Business Services Officer, where he drove the function's strategy, advanced new ways of working and optimized business processes. Greg joined Colgate in 1999 and progressed through a series of financial leadership roles, including becoming Vice President, Corporate Audit. He is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a bachelor's degree in accountancy from Baruch College, City University of New York.
Read bio
Pablo Mascolo
Chief Customer Development Officer
Pablo Mascolo became Chief Customer Development Officer in 2025. He previously served as Executive Vice President, Customer Development, Latin America Division, where he led the Customer Development function to achieve record-high sales and strengthened customer engagement across the region. Since joining the Company in 1993, Pablo has advanced through various roles of increasing responsibility including General Manager, CP-Adria in Europe Division and Vice President, Customer Development, CP-Mexico. Pablo holds a degree from Belgrano University in Argentina and a degree in marketing from Universidad de la Empresa in Uruguay.
Read bio
Sally Massey*
Chief Human Resources Officer
In 2020, Sally Massey became Chief Human Resources Officer, leading all aspects of our Global Human Resources strategy and capabilities. Previously she guided a major HR transformation, leading Global People and Organization Development, Learning, Talent Acquisition, HR Operations and Total Rewards. Sally joined Colgate in 2000 as part of the Global Human Resources Professional Development Program and progressed through roles of increasing responsibility, advancing teams in the U.S., Supply Chain, Global Marketing & Customer Development, Latin America and Europe. Sally graduated from Bowdoin College and holds a Master of Management degree from Cornell University.
Read bio
Ram Raghavan
President, Enterprise Oral Care
Ram Raghavan became President, Enterprise Oral Care (EOC) in 2022, leading the new EOC organization responsible for stewardship of our global oral care brands, setting the brand vision, strategy and developing core assets that deliver unified brand experiences across the Colgate world. Most recently, Ram was Vice President and General Manager, India & South Asia, where he provided strategic leadership to our India and South Asia businesses to power organic growth. Prior to this role, Ram was the Vice President Marketing in the Asia-Pacific Division. Ram joined C-P India in 1997 as a Management Trainee and has held roles in both Customer Development and Marketing in India and China. He was also Marketing Director for Canada and China and General Manager for the Latin America Consumer Innovation Center. Ram graduated from Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics and holds an MBA from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies, both located in Mumbai, India.
Read bio
Diana Schildhouse
Chief Data, Analytics & Insights Officer
Diana Schildhouse has been Chief Data, Analytics & Insights Officer since 2021, where she sets the vision, strategy and priorities for enterprise-wide data, analytics and insights at Colgate. Diana joined Colgate from Mattel where she was Senior Vice President and member of the Executive Leadership Team, leading Enterprise Strategy, Insights and Analytics. She built Mattel's first team of data scientists, advanced Mattel's data strategy, and pioneered large scale advanced analytics capabilities focused on marketing, media, new product development, customer and retail. With her team, she also led the development of enterprise-wide strategic planning for Mattel, with a focus on driving transformation, innovation and growth. Previously, Diana held the role of Senior Director of Strategy and Market Research for Westfield, a global shopping center developer. Diana began her career at The Walt Disney Company in corporate finance. Diana holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Southern California.
Read bio
Luciano Sieber*
Chief Supply Chain Officer
Luciano Sieber became Chief Supply Chain Officer in 2022, overseeing the entire Global Supply Chain team around the world, including manufacturing, sourcing and procurement. Luciano joined Colgate in 1995 as a Project Engineer, progressing through several roles within the Global Supply Chain function in Brazil, Latin America and Africa/Middle East Divisions, including Worldwide Director of Direct Procurement; Home Care Manufacturing Director in Europe; Demand Vice President, Europe & Africa/Eurasia; Supply Vice President, Europe & Africa/Eurasia; and Vice President, Global Supply & Global Supply Chain Reimagined Strategy. Most recently, he was the Vice President End-to-End for our North America Division. Luciano is a graduate of the Fundação Armando Alvares Penteado in Brazil.
Read bio
Ann Tracy
Chief Sustainability Officer
Ann Tracy became Chief Sustainability Officer in the Global Commercial Organization in 2022, leading Colgate’s Global Sustainability Strategy and key initiatives, integrating a strong technical foundation across people, performance and planet into commercial strategic purpose. Previously, she was Global Chief Sustainability Officer in our Global Supply Chain Organization, where she also provided leadership to the Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) team. Since joining the company in 1991, Ann has worked across all four of Colgate's categories in manufacturing, quality and customer service and logistics roles with experience in each of the Colgate divisions. Ann serves on the board of directors of the UN Global Compact Network USA and holds undergraduate degrees in Applied Science and Mechanical Engineering and a Master's of Engineering degree in Manufacturing Systems, all from Lehigh University. She has also received a Certificate of Sustainability from the University of Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership.
Read bio
Brad Watt
SVP, Office of the Chairman
Brad Watt became Senior Vice President, Office of the Chairman in 2025. In this role, he serves as the principal executive liaison to the Board of Directors, supports the Board’s governance responsibilities and leads the Global Security function, while also supporting the advancement of the Company’s purpose, strategic goals and senior leadership team alignment. Previously, Brad served as Chief Learning Officer, where he led the Global Learning team to advance employee skills and modernize the approach to learning, earning the team more than 70 Brandon Hall Awards and playing a key role in reimagining the Company’s values. Brad joined Colgate-Palmolive in 1990 and has held multiple cross-functional and leadership roles across South Africa, North America, East Africa, Singapore, Russia, Global Marketing, and Global HR in New York.
Read bio
Juan Pablo Zamorano*
President, Latin America
JP Zamorano became President, Latin America, in 2019, deploying his extensive experience in navigating changing macroeconomic conditions for continued growth. Previously he served as President, North America, where he strengthened the Colgate brand and pursued promising omnichannel marketing and advertising opportunities. JP joined Colgate Colombia in 1990 as a product manager and progressed through marketing and management roles of increasing responsibility across Oral Care, Personal Care and Home Care, leading teams throughout Latin America, North America and Asia. JP earned his Engineering degree from Pontificia Universidad Javeriana.
Read bio
*Corporate Officer
Last Updated: June 2025
Alexandre Akiama
SVP, End to End SC AEA
Jules Andrew
Chief Business Services Officer
Thierry Antona-Traversi
SVP, General Manager South Africa
Adolf Aragon
SVP, Asia Pacific Supply
Lia Arvanitidou
EVP, Skin Health, PC & HC R&D
Sophie Bailly-Maitre
SVP Marketing, Europe
Dave Baloga
EVP, Hill's Science & Technology
Vimla Black-Gupta
EVP, H2/H3 Innovation EOC
Claudia Barrera
SVP GIT, Global Applications
Wendy Boise
SVP, Global Talent, Learning & Org Dev
Jose Borrell
EVP, End to End SC Hill's
Andre Bragantini
SVP Customer Development, Africa/Eurasia
Daniel Braidatto
SVP, Latin America Supply
Scott Cain
EVP, Global Taxation
Carlos Campos
SVP, Finance Andina
Burc Cankat
EVP, General Manager NAMET
Gonzalo Canteros Paz
EVP, End to End SC Latin America
M. Chandrasekar
SVP Customer Development, Asia Pacific
Arvind Chintamani
SVP, General Manager Hill's Canada
Caroline Chulick
SVP, Global Growth & Innovation, Hill's
Marty Collins
EVP, GI Total Rewards & HR Operations
Greg Corra
SVP, Global Packaging
Shirley Dai
SVP Finance, Asia Pacific
Natasha DaSilva
SVP, Human Resources, Hill's
Pierre Denis
SVP,  Global Quality
Gavin Du Toit
EVP Marketing, North America
Francois Falls
SVP, Customer Development, Latin America
Mathilde Fleury
SVP Finance, North America
Nadine Flynn
EVP, Sr Assoc GC Mkt, TM, Comm & Lgl Ops
Anne-Sophie Gaget
EVP, General Manager Western Europe
Diana Geofroy
SVP HR, Mexico
Patricia Granda
SVP, DEI and Global People Relations
Peter Graylin
EVP, International Legal Operations
Rauf Gurbuz
SVP & GM - CP Greater Indo-China Hub
Valerie Haliburton
SVP, Global Ethics & Compliance
Chris Hall
SVP, General Manager East West Africa
James Harris Jr
SVP, North America Supply
Diana Haussling
SVP, General Manager Hello
Jean-Christian Heinzelmann
SVP, General Manager Central Europe West
Claudia Hernandez
SVP, General Manager Central America
Henry Hu
EVP, End to End SC APAC
Kristi Hutchinson
EVP, Assoc Gen Counsel Corp & Skin Health
Prashanth Jayachandran
SVP, Div General Counsel, North America
Naveen Jayaraman
SVP, Global Digital Technologies
Melanie Jennison
SVP, Chief Trademarks & Brand IP Counsel
Kevin Jordan-Deen
SVP, General Manager OC, North America
Latonya Kilpatrick
SVP, Clinical Innovation & Sci Com
Jolle Kirpensteijn
Chief Veterinary Officer, Hill's
Charalabos Klados
SVP, Division Gen. Counsel, Asia Pacific
Christi Knight
SVP HR, End to End Supply Chain
Wojtek Krol
EVP, General Manager Central Europe East
Giuseppe Omar Laruccia
SVP, General Manager Southern Europe
Elena Laskow
SVP, Global Benefits
Wayne Lawrence
SVP, Data Platforms
Adriana Leite
EVP, General Manager Brazil
Sergio Leite
EVP, Global Oral Care R&D
Stephane Lionnet
EVP Finance, Europe
Javier Llinas
SVP GIT, Infrastructure & Operations
Amalia Londono
EVP, End to End SC North America
Nelson Malta
SVP & GM Colgate Equity
Cesar Martinez
EVP, General Manager Southern Cone
Carrick Massey
SVP, Marketing, Hill's US
Gerald Mastio
EVP, General Manager Hill's EMEA
Massimo Mazzetta
EVP HR, Europe & Africa/Eurasia
Vance Merolla
SVP & Fellow, Global Sustainability
Catalina Monroy
SVP, Global Flavors & Fragrance
Afonso Celso Montesanti
SVP Finance, Brazil
Anne-Marie Motte
EVP Marketing, Latin America
Francisco Muñoz
EVP, General Manager Andina & Venezuela
Helen Murray
SVP GIT, Europe and Africa/Eurasia
Prabha Narasimhan
EVP, General Manager India
Eddie Niem
EVP, General Manager, H&H
Godfrey Nthunzi
SVP Finance, Africa/Eurasia
Gregory Oliver
SVP, Retail Marketing and Catman
Wendy Orner
SVP, Global Brand Design & Experience
Nitin Pande
SVP, General Manager HPC, North America
Gregg Parsons
SVP, General Manager South Pacific
Sergio Pereira
SVP Customer Development, Mexico
Simon Petersen
SVP, General Manager Northern Europe
Tiia Piller
SVP, Skin Health & GSC Supply
Pierre Plassard
SVP & GM Skin Health Europe & Intl
Massimo Poli
President, Global Home & Personal Care
Jenn Porter
SVP, General Manager Canada
Gregory Poullet
SVP, General Manager Skin Health US
Robbie Powell
SVP Customer Development, US
Warren Pruitt
SVP, Global Engineering
Angel Qi
SVP, General Manager Phillippines
Jennifer Radosevich
SVP, Hill's Research & Innovation
Earl Rattray
SVP, Global Ethics & Compliance
Riccardo Ricci
EVP, General Manager Mexico
Lauren Richardson
Chief Procurement Officer
Emma Rolfe
SVP, Global Demand & Digital Transform.
Paolo Rossetto
EVP, Finance, Hill's
Maria Ryan
Chief Clinical Officer
Ivan Sandoval
SVP, Div General Counsel, Latin America
Michaela Schoberova
SVP HR, Commerical Transformation
Alex Schuchman
Chief Information Security Officer
Andy Shi
SVP, CD Mainland China
Aditya Singh
SVP HR, Asia Pacific
Samir Singh
EVP Marketing, Asia Pacific
Constantin Sklavenitis
EVP, Skin Health Group
Brian Slezak
SVP, Global Regulatory & Product Safety
Edgard Soares
SVP HR, North America
Ingrid Stewart
SVP, Division General Counsel, EU & AEA
Ryan Stimac
SVP, Club, HIPE, VDC & Drug
Kevin Sweeney
SVP, Global Compensation
Alexandre Tabuchi
SVP, Division General Counsel, Hill's
Dancy Tao
SVP HR, Latin America
Mauricio Torres
SVP, Finance Mexico
Juan Vernaza
EVP, Finance, Latin America
Simon Voss
SVP, Finance, Hill’s US
James Wang
SVP, Global Direct Materials
Mauro Watanabe
EVP, End to End SC EU & AEA
Cliff Wilkins
EVP, Sr Assoc GC, Tech, Reg & Ext Innov
Keith Wilkinson
SVP Customer Development, Hill's
Courtney Williams
EVP, Assoc Gen Counsel, NA & Litigation
Rob Wilson
SVP, Professional Engagement & Public Health
Winnie Wong
EVP, General Manager Greater China
Yun-Po Zhang
SVP & Distinguished Fellow
Jenny Zirinsky
SVP, Gl Mkt. Coms & Media Transformation
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Who We Are
Who We Are
Sustainability
Sustainability
Inclusion
Inclusion
Your Questions, Answered
Contact us
FAQs
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Submit an Idea
Explore Colgate-Palmolive
About Us
Brands
Innovation
Impact
News
United States (EN)
Resources
Careers
Investors
Suppliers
Where to Buy
FAQs
Site Map
Our Sites
Colgate.com
Colgate.Professional.com
Shop.Colgate.com
Legal & Privacy
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Consent Tool
Manage My Data Rights
Patents
Satisfaction Guarantee
© 2025 Colgate-Palmolive Company. All Rights Reserved.