Url: https://www.colgatepalmolive.com/en-us/impact/sustainability
Titulo: Sustainability | Colgate-Palmolive
Fecha_scraping: 2025-10-15
Type: html
Text: Sustainability | Colgate-Palmolive
Contact Us
FAQs
Investors
Careers
US (EN)
About
Who We Are
Commitment to Inclusion
History
Awards
Leadership
Board Of Directors
Governance
Policies
Brands
Impact
Impact Overview
Sustainability
Community Impact
Reports
Innovation
Innovation
Oral Health
Skin Health
Pet Health
Clinical Trials
News
Search
Menu
Load more text
Learn More
No Results Copy RTE
Result Page Url
Invalid Query Message
Localized Search Result Text
Explore Content
Stories
Awards
Sustainability Reports
Policies
Press Releases
Resources
Safety Data Sheets
For Suppliers
Product Ingredients
Open Positions
Sustainability
We are committed to building a more resilient future, and the promise of healthier communities energizes our sustainability efforts and our people.
Our Sustainability Strategy
Colgate-Palmolive is committed to a healthier future for all people, their pets and our planet. We're accelerating climate action, reducing our environmental footprint and collaborating to eliminate waste, decrease plastic use, save water and conserve resources. Our strategy focuses on three ambitions: Driving Social Impact, Helping Millions of Homes and Preserving Our Environment, as we reimagine a sustainable world.
Driving SocialImpact
We are committed to ensuring the well-being of all people and their pets, building an inclusive culture and creating meaningful opportunities for all people to succeed inside and outside of Colgate-Palmolive.
Helping Millions of Homes
We are empowering people and communities to develop healthier habits by choosing sustainable products that improve their lives and homes from oral and personal care to pet nutrition and home care.
Preserving Our Environment
We are
working to accelerate action on climate and reduce our environmental footprint
, working with our partners and operations to eliminate waste, decrease plastic usage, save water and conserve natural resources.
Impact in Action
93%
of our packaging is recyclable, reusable or compostable, as of December 31, 2024, up from 89.5% the previous year.
~ 60%
In 2024, we signed a long-term virtual power purchase agreement for a wind farm in Europe, which is expected to cover the equivalent of approximately 60% of our Europe-based operational electricity needs.
70 +
Our recyclable tube is accessible in over 70 countries.
Since 2019, we have transitioned approximately 75% of our toothpaste SKUs globally and about 95% of our toothpaste tubes in North America to recyclable tubes as of December 31, 2024. The recyclable tube is now accessible in over 70 countries worldwide.*
Innovating for a Sustainable Future
To support our efforts to reduce virgin plastic, we are introducing an innovative, recyclable paper-based package for our manual toothbrushes, transitioning away from traditional plastic packaging. This transition, which began in 2025, marks the first step in our long-term vision to make this more sustainable packaging available to consumers around the world.
*Your community may not yet accept tubes for recycling. Check locally. Learn more at www.colgate.com/goodness.
2024 Sustainability & Social Impact Report
Our annual Sustainability & Social Impact Report provides a comprehensive overview of our efforts to create a healthier future for all people, their pets and our planet. Explore our progress in areas like reducing our environmental footprint, empowering communities and promoting ethical business practices.
Read the report
Sustainability Resources
Reports
SSI Report
Climate Strat & Net Zero Carbon
TCFD
GRI
KPIs
Links
Sustainability Policies
Statements
Colgate EOHS Equivalency Statement 2024
Colgate OHS Assurance Statement Reporting Year 2024
Colgate 2023 Nox Assurance Statement
Colgate 2023 Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Verification Statement
Colgate 2023 Assurance Statement Environmental Indicators
Colgate Scope 3 Verification Opinion 2023
COMMUNITY IMPACT
A World of Good
Committed to making a positive difference, one community at a time.
Community Impact
Careers
Build a Bright Future with Us
Join our team and help us create a healthier future for all.
Careers
Innovation
Reimagining a Healthier Future
We pursue innovation with purpose, collaboration, input, and diversity.
Innovation
Your Questions, Answered
Contact us
FAQs
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Submit an Idea
Explore Colgate-Palmolive
About Us
Brands
Innovation
Impact
News
United States (EN)
Resources
Careers
Investors
Suppliers
Where to Buy
FAQs
Site Map
Our Sites
Colgate.com
Colgate.Professional.com
Shop.Colgate.com
Legal & Privacy
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Consent Tool
Manage My Data Rights
Patents
Satisfaction Guarantee
© 2025 Colgate-Palmolive Company. All Rights Reserved.